c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe.config
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.pdb
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.Form1.resources
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.pdb
c:\users\rasim\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.menu.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitakEkle.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapSil.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciSil.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciEkle.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciGoster.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapGöster.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapKirala.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KiralananlarıGoster.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.GecKalanKitaplar.resources
C:\Users\Rasim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.teslimal.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe.config
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.pdb
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.GecKalanKitaplar.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KiralananlarıGoster.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitakEkle.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapGöster.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapKirala.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapSil.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.menu.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciEkle.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciGoster.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciSil.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.teslimal.resources
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe
C:\Users\Çelebi\OneDrive\Masaüstü\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.pdb
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe.config
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\bin\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.pdb
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.Form1.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.GecKalanKitaplar.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KiralananlarıGoster.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitakEkle.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapDüzenle.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapGöster.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapKirala.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.KitapSil.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.menu.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciEkle.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciDuzenle.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciGoster.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.OgrenciSil.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.teslimal.resources
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.exe
C:\Users\rasim\OneDrive\Belgeler\GitHub\Kutuphane_Otomasyon\Bilisim_Projesi\Bilisim_Projesi\obj\Debug\Bilisim_Projesi.pdb
